Describe the conversation you had with your employer about your mental health, including their reactions and what actions were taken to address your mental health issue/questions.
Describe the conversation with coworkers you had about your mental health including their reactions.
Describe the conversation your coworker had with you about their mental health (please do not use names).
Do you have medical coverage (private insurance or state-provided) that includes treatment of mental health disorders?
Do you know local or online resources to seek help for a mental health issue?
If you have been diagnosed or treated for a mental health disorder, do you ever reveal this to clients or business contacts?
If you have revealed a mental health disorder to a client or business contact, how has this affected you or the relationship?
If you have been diagnosed or treated for a mental health disorder, do you ever reveal this to coworkers or employees?
If you have revealed a mental health disorder to a coworker or employee, how has this impacted you or the relationship?
Do you believe your productivity is ever affected by a mental health issue?
If yes, what percentage of your work time (time performing primary or secondary job functions) is affected by a mental health issue?
Describe the conversation you had with your previous employer about your mental health, including their reactions and actions taken to address your mental health issue/questions.
Describe the conversation you had with your previous coworkers about your mental health including their reactions.
Describe the conversation your coworker had with you about their mental health (please do not use names)..1
Have you ever been diagnosed with a mental health disorder?
What disorder(s) have you been diagnosed with?
If possibly, what disorder(s) do you believe you have?
If so, what disorder(s) were you diagnosed with?
Has being identified as a person with a mental health issue affected your career?
How has it affected your career?
Describe the circumstances of the badly handled or unsupportive response.
Describe the circumstances of the supportive or well handled response.
If there is anything else you would like to tell us that has not been covered by the survey questions, please use this space to do so.
Unnamed: 82
